DRAFT release notes for SDK 0.6.16 with updates to Motoko and motoko … (#262)
dfinity/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/sdk-release-notes.adoc

In all other places, braces are always considered to start an object literal.																													
To use blocks that are not part of control flow expressions, you can use `+do {<block>}+` expressions.
+
In this release, free-standing blocks that are not part of a control flow expressions display a warning but continue to compile.
However, you should update your programs to replace the deprecated syntax to ensure your program continues to compile after the compiler enforces the syntax change.

* Actor declarations are asynchronous and can only be used in asynchronous contexts.
+
The return type of an actor class, if specified, must be an `+async+` actor type.
To support actor declaration, the top-level context of an interpreted program is an asynchronous context, allowing implicit and explicit `+await+` expressions.
+
This change mostly affects interpreted programs and compiled programs with explicit actor class return types.

* Strict checking of `+utf8+` strings for improved Candid compliance.

* More liberal parsing of leb128-encoded numbers

* New `+Random+` library added to `+motoko-base+`.

> * Candid includes the ability to extend function with optional parameters in a backward-compatible way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Candid includes the ability to extend records with optional fields in a backward-compatible way.
```

* Actor declarations are asynchronous and can only be used in asynchronous contexts.
+
The return type of an actor class, if specified, must be an `+async+` actor type.
To support actor declaration, the top-level context of an interpreted program is an asynchronous context, allowing implicit and explicit `+await+` expressions.
+
This change mostly affects interpreted programs and compiled programs with explicit actor class return types.

* Strict checking of `+utf8+` strings for improved Candid compliance.

* More liberal parsing of leb128-encoded numbers

* New `+Random+` library added to `+motoko-base+`.

* Candid includes the ability to extend function with optional parameters in a backward-compatible way.

* Injecting a value into an option type (`+? <exp>+`) no longer requires heap allocation in most cases. This removes the memory-tax of using iterators.																													

For information about breaking changes that were introduced in previous releases, see <<Breaking changes>>.

For information about known issues that were introduced in previous releases, see <<Known issues and limitations>>.

> === Highlights of what's new in 0.6.14
> 
> The 0.6.14 release primarily includes internal enhancements and fixes and updates to the version of {proglang} and the {proglang} base library that are supported. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Highlights of what's new in 0.6.16

The 0.6.16 release primarily includes internal enhancements and fixes and updates to the version of {proglang} and the {proglang} base library that are supported. 
```

Author: we've been piggy-backing the releases on top of each other, so I think this really is the description for the 0.6.14 release, but I'll have to double-check.
